add an explanation of TTL (#268)
tikv/website: content/docs/5.1/concepts/explore-tikv-features/ttl.md

        weight: 3
---

> This page walks you through a simple demonstration of how to use TTL (Time To Live) on RawKV. The reason why you use TTL is that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page walks you through a simple demonstration of how to use TTL (Time To Live) on RawKV. TTL is a data clearing mechanism that automatically deletes data at a specified time interval. For example:
```

- If TTL is not used, the data written to TiKV will always exist in TiKV unless it is manually deleted.

> - When TTL is used, if the TTL of a key is set to 1 hour, then one hour later, the data will be automatically deleted by TiKV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If TTL is used and the TTL time of a key is set to one hour, the data of the key will be automatically deleted by TiKV after one hour.
```
